docs: nav updates for get started and setup (#64931)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/getting-started/get-started-grafana-ms-sql-server.md

#### Add the MS SQL data source

1. Click **Connections** in the left-side menu and filter by `mssql`.
1. Select the **Microsoft SQL Server** option.

> 1. Click **Create a Microsoft SQL Server data source** in the top right header to open the configuration page.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click **Create a Microsoft SQL Server data source** in the top right corner to open the configuration page.
```

#### Add the MS SQL data source

> 1. Click **Administration** in the left-side menu and select **Data sources**.
> <!--should step 2 be go to Plugins, select MSQL, and click "Create a Microsoft SQL Server data source" -->
> 1. Filter by `mssql` and select the **Microsoft SQL Server** option.
> 1. Click **Add data source** in the top right header to open the configuration page.
> 1. Enter the information specified in the table below, then click **Save & Test**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Click **Connections** in the left-side menu and filter by `mssql`.
1. Select the **Microsoft SQL Server** option.
1. Click **Create a Microsoft SQL Server data source** in the top right header to open the configuration page.
1. Enter the information specified in the table below, then click **Save & test**.
```
